Full Screen Flip Clock Privacy Policy

The full-screen page turning clock (hereinafter referred to as "we") respects and protects user information, and will treat this information with high diligence and prudence. When you use the services provided by the full screen page turning clock website, we will collect, process and disclose information in accordance with this privacy policy. We hope that this privacy policy will give you a clear picture of how we treat your information, so we recommend that you read this privacy policy thoroughly to help you understand how to protect your privacy.

If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please contact us through the various contact methods provided by the full-screen page turning clock.

This policy will help you understand the following:

1. Scope of application

2. Collect and use user information

3. Sharing, transmission and public disclosure of user information

4. User business data and public information

5. User information management

6. Cookies and similar technologies

7. Update of privacy policy

How to contact us

1. Scope of application

1.1. This privacy policy applies to all services on the full-screen page turning clock website. The services provided include providing you with page views and technical services through the full-screen page turning clock website.

1.2. It should be noted that due to full-screen page-turning clock users, if you use the full-screen page-turning clock technical service to provide services for users, because your business data belongs to you, you should agree with your user privacy policy. .

Second, collect and use user information

2.1. Help you become our member

2.1.1. When you create an account on the full-screen page turning clock website, you must provide us with the member name, set and confirm your login password, and provide your mobile number in the People's Republic of China. The mobile number you submit is used to accept the verification code when you register, log in to the bound account, and obtain the password. It is used as one of the contact methods specified by the full-screen page-turning clock to receive notifications of related businesses (such as new product launches, business changes, etc.).

2.2. Provide technical services to you

The information you provide to us includes:

2.2.1. According to the laws of the People ’s Republic of China, you should provide your true identity information through your account when you use specific technical services.

Information we collect during your use of this service

2.2.1.1. Device information: We will receive and record the device information (such as device model, operating system version, device settings, unique device identifier, etc.) that you use based on the specific permissions you granted during the installation and use of the software. ), About the location information of the device (such as IP address, GPS location, and Wi-Fi access point, Bluetooth and base station information, can provide relevant information). We can enable us to provide you with a consistent service on different devices associated with two types of information.

2.2.1.2. Log information: When you use our website or services provided by customers, we will automatically collect your relevant web logs for detailed usage of our services. For example, the content of your search query, IP address, browser, telecommunications operator, language used, date and time of access, the historical type of web page you visited.

2.2.1.3. Please note that individual device information, log information, etc. are all information that does not identify a specific natural person. If we combine non-personal information, such as other information, to identify a specific natural person or use it in combination with personal information, such non-personal information will be treated as personal information during the combined use process, unless your authorization. Or in accordance with laws and regulations, we will anonymously and de-identify these personal information.

2.2.1.4. User account with information support: Based on the user's consultation record, you use the full-page page turning clock service for user faults, and the fault report records and troubleshooting procedures (such as communication and call records) are perfectly generated. In order to respond to your request for help in a more timely manner, and to improve after-sales service.

2.3. We use the information you submit, and we collect information for the following purposes:

2.3.1. In order to provide you with services (such as real-name authentication information, the mobile phone number used to accept the verification code, under the premise of continuing to obtain services);

2.3.2. In order to maintain and improve services (such as business contact mobile phones, emails, etc. you submit notifications of receiving business and communicate with the enterprise);

2.3.3. Promote and introduce the products to you on the premise of laws and regulations;

2.3.4. In order to improve the security of the services provided by us and our affiliates and partners, protect the personal and property of you or other users or the public from damage, and better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, Network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, more accurately identify violations of laws, regulations or full-screen page-turning clock related agreements, rules, we can use your member information, and integrate device information, related website logs and our affiliates , Partners share information to determine your account and transaction risks, perform identity verification, detection and prevention of security incidents, and take necessary records, audits, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with law;

2.3.5. If you allow other uses.

3. Sharing, transmission and public disclosure of user information
3.1. share it

We will not communicate with other organizations and individuals, except for the following circumstances except your user information:

3.1.1. Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your user information with others;

3.1.2. Sharing according to legal circumstances: We can share user information in accordance with laws, regulations, litigation, arbitration, or as required by administrative and judicial authorities.

3.1.3. Sharing with authorized partners: We can entrust trusted partners to provide services, so we can share some with our partners to provide better customer service, optimize the user experience, and your user information. We only share your user information. For legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and specific purposes, we will only share user information necessary to provide services. Our partners have no right to use shared user information for any other purpose.
At present, our authorized partners include the following types: suppliers, service providers and other partners. We send information to suppliers, service providers and other partners who support our business, including basic technical services, consulting, analysis and other professional services.
We will sign strict confidentiality agreements and other companies, institutions and with whom to share user information, personal information protection agreements, and require them to deal with users in accordance with our instructions, the privacy policy and other related confidentiality and security measures. information.

3.2. transfer

We will not pass your user information to any company, organization or individual except the following:

3.2.1. Transfer with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will pass your user information to other parties;

3.2.2. In the case of perfect mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation recipes and other legal entities, or other situations involving mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation, if user information transfer participates, we will ask you to enter a new message for your user. Companies and organizations continue to be bound by this policy, otherwise we will require companies, organizations and individuals to resubmit your authorization.

3.3. Public disclosure

We will only publicly disclose your user information under the following circumstances:

3.3.1. We can publicly disclose your user information with your explicit consent or according to your own initiative;

3.3.2. In order to protect the full-screen page turning clock platform and its affiliated companies or infringe on the personal property of the public, we may disclose your user information about applicable laws or related agreements and the rules of the full screen page turning clock platform.

3.4. Exceptionally agreed prior authorization to share, transmit and publicly disclose user information

In the following cases, sharing, transmitting and publicly disclosing user information does not require your prior authorization:

3.4.1. Relevant national security and national defense security;

3.4.2. Related to public safety, public health and major public interests;

3.4.3. With criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;

3.4.4. It is hard to obtain consent for the protection of the lives of people and you or other personal property;

3.4.5. The public personal information you disclose to yourself;

3.4.6. Collect information that is publicly disclosed in accordance with the law, such as legal news reports, personal information from government information disclosure and other channels.

4. User business data and public information

With your user information, the full-screen page turning clock is processed as follows: user business data and public information:

4.1. User business data

4.1.1. Your processing data, storing, uploading, downloading, distributing and otherwise processing the recipes provided by the perfect service is your user business data, and you have your own user business data. As a service provider, the full-screen page turning clock can only strictly enforce your instructions to process your business data, and will not disclose or unauthorize any unauthorized use or disclosure of your business data unless you agree or enforce clear laws And regulatory requirements.

4.1.2. You are responsible for the content of the source and user's business data. The full-screen page turning clock prompts you to carefully determine the legality of the data source and content. Your results and responsibilities arising from violation of laws, regulations, departmental regulations or national policies of users' business data are at your own risk.

4.1.3. According to the agreement with the full-screen page turning clock, the full-screen page turning clock in the data center of your choice stores the user's business data. The full-screen page-turning clock is dedicated to the safety of its users and protects users' data stored in the full-screen page-turning clock data center in accordance with applicable laws.

4.2. public information

4.2.1. Public information display means any information you share publicly, anyone can view or access this information on the full-screen page turning clock website service with and without use.

4.2.2. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially if your account number or password has been stolen, please contact the full-screen page turning clock customer service immediately to allow the full-screen page turning clock to take appropriate measures.

Fives. User information management
5.1. You can log in to the MagicStory website or the client “management console” to query, manage (change, delete) basic business information (basic data), and submit information when using the full-screen page turning clock service.

5.2. In the following cases, you can ask us to delete the user information request:

5.2.1. If we respond to user information that violates laws and regulations;

5.2.2. If we collect and use user information without your consent;

5.2.3. If we take personal information for action, we are in serious breach of your agreement.


For security reasons, you may need to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.

six. Use of cookies and similar technologies

6.1. To ensure that your website is up and running with a simpler experience, we call it a small data file of cookies stored on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain an identifier, website name, and some numbers and characters. The full-screen page turning clock can only read cookies recipes provided by Perfect.

6.2. With the help of cookies, you can store some personal preference data. The next time you visit again, we will display the information you need; or the cookies file that will be used by the full-screen page turning clock to determine your source site, so that the full-screen page turning clock can track the performance of the full-screen page turning clock.

6.3. You can manage your cookies according to your preferences, and you can also clear all cookies saved on your computer. Most web browsers must have the ability to block cookies. However, if you do this, you will need to change user settings each time you visit our website. For more information on how to change browser settings, please visit the relevant settings page of the browser you are using.

6.4. In addition to cookies, we can also use other similar technologies, such as web beacons and pixel tags on our website. For example, the email we send you may contain content that links to our website. If you click on a link, we will track clicks to help us understand your product or service preferences so that we can proactively improve customer service. experience. Web beacons are usually transparent images embedded in websites or emails. With the pixel tag in the email, we can tell if the email is open. If you do not want your activity to be tracked by doing so, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.

Seven, the security of user information

7.1. The full screen page turning clock takes your information security very seriously. We strive to protect user information with a variety of reasonable physical, electronic and administrative security measures. Prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of user information. We use encryption to improve user information security; we use trusted protection mechanisms to protect our users from malicious attacks; we deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access user information; we will host Security and privacy protection training courses to raise employees' awareness of the importance of protecting user information.

7.2. We will take reasonable and practical steps to avoid irrelevant collection of user information. We will only retain time for the purposes described in this policy, unless required by law or allow extension of your user information. After the retention period of the above user information has passed, we will delete or hide your personal information.

7.3. Please use a complex password to help us keep your account safe. We will do our best to protect the security of any information you send to us. If our physical, technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, alteration or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legal rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal responsibility.

7.4. In the case of unfortunate user information security incidents (leakage, loss, etc.), we will promptly notify you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: basic conditions and possible impacts of security incidents, disposal measures, we take or will take you You can take preventive measures and risk reduction recommendations to remedy you, and we will notify you of the incident as soon as possible through email, letter, phone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to notify the user by one of the information subjects, we will Notice in a reasonable and effective way.

7.5. At the same time, we will deal with user information security incidents reported in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.

7.6. User information collected in the territory of the People's Republic of China by our specialty stores in China. If we transmit personal information overseas for business needs in accordance with applicable laws, we will obtain your consent in advance and notify you. The purpose of exporting user information, recipients, security measures, security risks, etc.

7.7. In the case of suspension of products and services of the full-screen page turning clock, we will take reasonable measures to protect the user's information, including activities, to collect the security of the user's information in a timely manner; the notification of the stop operation will be notified to the user one by one The form of transmission or announcement; and delete or hold personal information anonymously.

7.8. We will notify you again and obtain your explicit consent before using the user information beyond the intended purpose of collecting user information or beyond the direct or reasonable scope of the association.

8. Update of privacy policy

8.1. Our privacy policy may be modified.

8.2. We will not limit the rights under this privacy policy without your explicit consent. We will post any amendments to our privacy policy on a dedicated page.

8.3. For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (including certain services, we will notify you to explain specific changes to privacy policies through the website).

8.4. Significant changes in this policy include but are not limited to:

8.4.1. Significant changes have taken place in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing user information, the type of user information to be processed, the way in which user information is used, etc .;

8.4.2. We have undergone major changes in control and organizational structure. Such as changes in the owner due to business adjustments, bankruptcy and mergers, etc .;

8.4.3. The main object of the user information sharing, transfer or public disclosure of changes;

8.4.4. Have significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of user information and how to exercise it;

8.4.5. When we are responsible for handling changes in the user's information security department, contact information and complaint channels;

8.4.6. The user information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.

How to contact us

You have any questions or comments on this statement and the content of the policy, or you have any questions or comments on the practice and operation of the full-screen page turning clock of this privacy policy. You can contact us by email: tenbestcatcher@outlook.com.

