Full Screen Flip Clock Privacy Policy

The full-screen page turning clock (hereinafter referred to as "we") respects and protects user information, and will treat this information with high diligence and prudence. When you use the services provided by the full screen page turning clock website, we will collect, process and disclose information in accordance with this privacy policy. We hope that this privacy policy will give you a clear picture of how we treat your information, so we recommend that you read this privacy policy thoroughly to help you understand how to protect your privacy.

If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please contact us through the various contact methods provided by the full-screen page turning clock.

This policy will help you understand the following:

1. Scope of application

2. Collect and use user information

3. Sharing, transmission and public disclosure of user information

4. User business data and public information

5. User information management

6. Cookies and similar technologies

7. Update of privacy policy

How to contact us

1. Scope of application

1.1. This privacy policy applies to all services on the full-screen page turning clock website. The services provided include providing you with page views and technical services through the full-screen page turning clock website.

1.2. It should be noted that due to full-screen page-turning clock users, if you use the full-screen page-turning clock technical service to provide services for users, because your business data belongs to you, you should agree with your user privacy policy. .

Second, collect and use user information

2.1. Help you become our member

2.1.1. When you create an account on the full-screen page turning clock website, you must provide us with the member name, set and confirm your login password, and provide your mobile number in the People's Republic of China. The mobile number you submit is used to accept the verification code when you register, log in to the bound account, and obtain the password. It is used as one of the contact methods specified by the full-screen page-turning clock to receive notifications of related businesses (such as new product launches, business changes, etc.).

2.2. Provide technical services to you

The information you provide to us includes:

2.2.1. According to the laws of the People ’s Republic of China, you should provide your true identity information through your account when you use specific technical services.

Information we collect during your use of this service

2.2.1.1. Device information: We will receive and record the device information (such as device model, operating system version, device settings, unique device identifier, etc.) that you use based on the specific permissions you granted during the installation and use of the software. ), About the location information of the device (such as IP address, GPS location, and Wi-Fi access point, Bluetooth and base station information, can provide relevant information). We can enable us to provide you with a consistent service on different devices associated with two types of information.

2.2.1.2. Log information: When you use our website or services provided by customers, we will automatically collect your relevant web logs for detailed usage of our services. For example, the content of your search query, IP address, browser, telecommunications operator, language used, date and time of access, the historical type of web page you visited.

2.2.1.3. Please note that individual device information, log information, etc. are all information that does not identify a specific natural person. If we combine non-personal information, such as other information, to identify a specific natural person or use it in combination with personal information, such non-personal information will be treated as personal information during the combined use process, unless your authorization. Or in accordance with laws and regulations, we will anonymously and de-identify these personal information.

2.2.1.4. User account with information support: Based on the user's consultation record, you use the full-page page turning clock service for user faults, and the fault report records and troubleshooting procedures (such as communication and call records) are perfectly generated. In order to respond to your request for help in a more timely manner, and to improve after-sales service.

2.3. We use the information you submit, and we collect information for the following purposes:

2.3.1. In order to provide you with services (such as real-name authentication information, the mobile phone number used to accept the verification code, under the premise of continuing to obtain services);

2.3.2. In order to maintain and improve services (such as business contact mobile phones, emails, etc. you submit notifications of receiving business and communicate with the enterprise);

2.3.3. Promote and introduce the products to you on the premise of laws and regulations;

2.3.4. In order to improve the security of the services provided by us and our affiliates and partners, protect the personal and property of you or other users or the public from damage, and better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, Network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, more accurately identify violations of laws, regulations or full-screen page-turning clock related agreements, rules, we can use your member information, and integrate device information, related website logs and our affiliates , Partners share information to determine your account and transaction risks, perform identity verification, detection and prevention of security incidents, and take necessary records, audits, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with law;

2.3.5. If you allow other uses.

3. Sharing, transmission and public disclosure of user information
3.1. share it

We will not communicate with other organizations and individuals, except for the following circumstances except your user information:

3.1.1. Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your user information with others;

3.1.2. Sharing according to legal circumstances: We can share user information in accordance with laws, regulations, litigation, arbitration, or as required by administrative and judicial authorities.

3.1.3. Sharing with authorized partners: We can entrust trusted partners to provide services, so we can share some with our partners to provide better customer service, optimize the user experience, and your user information. We only share your user information. For legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and specific purposes, we will only share user information necessary to provide services. Our partners have no right to use shared user information for any other purpose.
At present, our authorized partners include the following types: suppliers, service providers and other partners. We send information to suppliers, service providers and other partners who support our business, including basic technical services, consulting, analysis and other professional services.
We will sign strict confidentiality agreements and other companies, institutions and with whom to share user information, personal information protection agreements, and require them to deal with users in accordance with our instructions, the privacy policy and other related confidentiality and security measures. information.

3.2. transfer

We will not pass your user information to any company, organization or individual except the following:

3.2.1. Transfer with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will pass your user information to other parties;

3.2.2. In the case of perfect mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation recipes and other legal entities, or other situations involving mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation, if user information transfer participates, we will ask you to enter a new message for your user. Companies and organizations continue to be bound by this policy, otherwise we will require companies, organizations and individuals to resubmit your authorization.

3.3. Public disclosure

We will only publicly disclose your user information under the following circumstances:

3.3.1. We can publicly disclose your user information with your explicit consent or according to your own initiative;

3.3.2. In order to protect the full-screen page turning clock platform and its affiliated companies or infringe on the personal property of the public, we may disclose your user information about applicable laws or related agreements and the rules of the full screen page turning clock platform.

3.4. Exceptionally agreed prior authorization to share, transmit and publicly disclose user information

In the following cases, sharing, transmitting and publicly disclosing user information does not require your prior authorization:

3.4.1. Relevant national security and national defense security;

3.4.2. Related to public safety, public health and major public interests;

3.4.3. With criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;

3.4.4. It is hard to obtain consent for the protection of the lives of people and you or other personal property;

3.4.5. The public personal information you disclose to yourself;

3.4.6. Collect information that is publicly disclosed in accordance with the law, such as legal news reports, personal information from government information disclosure and other channels.

4. User business data and public information

With your user information, the full-screen page turning clock is processed as follows: user business data and public information:

4.1. User business data

4.1.1. Your processing data, storing, uploading, downloading, distributing and otherwise processing the recipes provided by the perfect service is your user business data, and you have your own user business data. As a service provider, the full-screen page turning clock can only strictly enforce your instructions to process your business data, and will not disclose or unauthorize any unauthorized use or disclosure of your business data unless you agree or enforce clear laws And regulatory requirements.

4.1.2. You are responsible for the content of the source and user's business data. The full-screen page turning clock prompts you to carefully determine the legality of the data source and content. Your results and responsibilities arising from violation of laws, regulations, departmental regulations or national policies of users' business data are at your own risk.

4.1.3. According to the agreement with the full-screen page turning clock, the full-screen page turning clock in the data center of your choice stores the user's business data. The full-screen page-turning clock is dedicated to the safety of its users and protects users' data stored in the full-screen page-turning clock data center in accordance with applicable laws.

4.2. public information

4.2.1. Public information display means any information you share publicly, anyone can view or access this information on the full-screen page turning clock website service with and without use.

4.2.2. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially if your account number or password has been stolen, please contact the full-screen page turning clock customer service immediately to allow the full-screen page turning clock to take appropriate measures.

Fives. User information management
5.1. You can log in to the MagicStory website or the client “management console” to query, manage (change, delete) basic business information (basic data), and submit information when using the full-screen page turning clock service.

5.2. In the following cases, you can ask us to delete the user information request:

5.2.1. If we respond to user information that violates laws and regulations;

5.2.2. If we collect and use user information without your consent;

5.2.3. If we take personal information for action, we are in serious breach of your agreement.


For security reasons, you may need to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.

six. Use of cookies and similar technologies

6.1. To ensure that your website is up and running with a simpler experience, we call it a small data file of cookies stored on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain an identifier, website name, and some numbers and characters. The full-screen page turning clock can only read cookies recipes provided by Perfect.

6.2. With the help of cookies, you can store some personal preference data. The next time you visit again, we will display the information you need; or the cookies file that will be used by the full-screen page turning clock to determine your source site, so that the full-screen page turning clock can track the performance of the full-screen page turning clock.

6.3. You can manage your cookies according to your preferences, and you can also clear all cookies saved on your computer. Most web browsers must have the ability to block cookies. However, if you do this, you will need to change user settings each time you visit our website. For more information on how to change browser settings, please visit the relevant settings page of the browser you are using.

6.4. In addition to cookies, we can also use other similar technologies, such as web beacons and pixel tags on our website. For example, the email we send you may contain content that links to our website. If you click on a link, we will track clicks to help us understand your product or service preferences so that we can proactively improve customer service. experience. Web beacons are usually transparent images embedded in websites or emails. With the pixel tag in the email, we can tell if the email is open. If you do not want your activity to be tracked by doing so, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.

Seven, the security of user information

7.1. The full screen page turning clock takes your information security very seriously. We strive to protect user information with a variety of reasonable physical, electronic and administrative security measures. Prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of user information. We use encryption to improve user information security; we use trusted protection mechanisms to protect our users from malicious attacks; we deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access user information; we will host Security and privacy protection training courses to raise employees' awareness of the importance of protecting user information.

7.2. We will take reasonable and practical steps to avoid irrelevant collection of user information. We will only retain time for the purposes described in this policy, unless required by law or allow extension of your user information. After the retention period of the above user information has passed, we will delete or hide your personal information.

7.3. Please use a complex password to help us keep your account safe. We will do our best to protect the security of any information you send to us. If our physical, technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, alteration or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legal rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal responsibility.

7.4. In the case of unfortunate user information security incidents (leakage, loss, etc.), we will promptly notify you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: basic conditions and possible impacts of security incidents, disposal measures, we take or will take you You can take preventive measures and risk reduction recommendations to remedy you, and we will notify you of the incident as soon as possible through email, letter, phone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to notify the user by one of the information subjects, we will Notice in a reasonable and effective way.

7.5. At the same time, we will deal with user information security incidents reported in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.

7.6. User information collected in the territory of the People's Republic of China by our specialty stores in China. If we transmit personal information overseas for business needs in accordance with applicable laws, we will obtain your consent in advance and notify you. The purpose of exporting user information, recipients, security measures, security risks, etc.

7.7. In the case of suspension of products and services of the full-screen page turning clock, we will take reasonable measures to protect the user's information, including activities, to collect the security of the user's information in a timely manner; the notification of the stop operation will be notified to the user one by one The form of transmission or announcement; and delete or hold personal information anonymously.

7.8. We will notify you again and obtain your explicit consent before using the user information beyond the intended purpose of collecting user information or beyond the direct or reasonable scope of the association.

8. Update of privacy policy

8.1. Our privacy policy may be modified.

8.2. We will not limit the rights under this privacy policy without your explicit consent. We will post any amendments to our privacy policy on a dedicated page.

8.3. For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (including certain services, we will notify you to explain specific changes to privacy policies through the website).

8.4. Significant changes in this policy include but are not limited to:

8.4.1. Significant changes have taken place in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing user information, the type of user information to be processed, the way in which user information is used, etc .;

8.4.2. We have undergone major changes in control and organizational structure. Such as changes in the owner due to business adjustments, bankruptcy and mergers, etc .;

8.4.3. The main object of the user information sharing, transfer or public disclosure of changes;

8.4.4. Have significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of user information and how to exercise it;

8.4.5. When we are responsible for handling changes in the user's information security department, contact information and complaint channels;

8.4.6. The user information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.

How to contact us

You have any questions or comments on this statement and the content of the policy, or you have any questions or comments on the practice and operation of the full-screen page turning clock of this privacy policy. You can contact us by email: tenbestcatcher@outlook.com.



全屏翻页时钟隐私政策

全屏翻页时钟（在下文中称为“我们”）尊重并保护用户信息，并且将治疗具有高度勤奋和审慎的此信息。当您使用由全屏翻页时钟网站提供的服务，我们会收集，处理和披露按照本隐私政策的信息。我们希望本隐私政策会给你一个清晰的画面，我们如何对待你的信息，所以我们建议您全面阅读本隐私政策，以帮助您了解如何保护您的隐私。

如果您有任何疑问，意见或建议，请联系我们通过全屏翻页时钟提供的各种联系方式。

这一政策将有助于您了解以下内容：

1，适用范围

2，收集和使用用户信息

3.共享，传输和用户信息的公开披露

4，用户业务数据和公开信息

5.用户信息管理

6.Cookies和类似的技术

7，隐私政策的更新

如何联系我们

一，适用范围

1.1。本隐私政策适用于全屏翻页时钟网站上的所有服务。提供的服务包括为您提供通过全屏翻页时钟网站页面浏览量和技术服务提供给您。

1.2。需要注意的是由于全屏翻页时钟用户，如果你使用全屏翻页时钟的技术服务，为用户提供服务，因为您的业务数据属于你很重要，你应该同意与你的用户隐私政策。 。

二，收集和使用用户信息

2.1。帮助您成为我们的会员

2.1.1。当您创建全屏翻页时钟网站上的账户，你必须向我们提供的会员名，设置和确认您的登录密码，并在中国人民共和国提供您的手机号码。您提交的手机号码用于接受当你注册验证码，登录绑定的账号，并获取密码。它是用来作为由全屏翻页时钟指定的联络方式之一来接收相关业务的通知（如新产品的推出，业务变更等））。

2.2。提供技术服务给您

您提供给我们的信息包括：

2.2.1。根据中国人民共和国的法律，你应该通过自己的帐户，当你使用特定的技术服务提供你的真实身份信息。

信息我们您使用本服务的过程中收集

2.2.1.1。设备信息：我们将接收并记录你是基于您在安装和使用该软件的过程中授予的特定权限使用的设备信息（例如设备型号，操作系统版本，设备设置，唯一设备标识符等）硬件特征信息），关于设备的位置信息（如IP地址，GPS位置，和Wi-Fi接入点，蓝牙和基站信息，可以提供相关信息）。我们可以使我们可以为您提供在不同设备上的一致性服务1种两种类型的信息相关联。

2.2.1.2。日志信息：当您使用我们的网站或由客户提供的服务，我们会自动收集您对我们的服务的详细用法相关网络日志。例如，您的搜索查询的内容，IP地址，浏览器，电信运营商，使用的语言，访问日期和时间，网页的历史类型您访问。

2.2.1.3。请注意，单独的设备信息，日志信息等，都是不识别特定自然人的信息。如果我们与其他信息相结合等非个人信息，以识别特定自然人或与个人信息结合使用，这样的非个人信息将合并使用过程中被视为个人信息，除非您的授权。或者按照法律，法规规定，我们将匿名和去识别这些个人信息。

2.2.1.4。支持信息的用户帐户：基于用户的咨询记录，用户故障您使用全屏翻页时钟的服务，完美的产生故障报告记录和故障排除程序（如通信和呼叫记录）食谱将记录和分析这些信息。为了更及时回复您的帮助请求，并以完善的售后服务。

2.3。我们使用您提交的信息，我们收集用于以下目的的信息：

2.3.1。为了给您提供服务（如实名认证信息，用于接受验证码的手机号码，是继续获得服务的前提下）;

2.3.2。为了保持和提高服务（如业务联系的手机，电子邮件等您提交接收业务的通知，并与企业沟通）;

2.3.3。促进和法律法规的前提下引进的产品给您;

2.3.4。为了提高我们和我们的附属机构和合作伙伴提供的服务的安全性，保护您或其他用户或公众的人身和财产不受损害，以及更好的防止网络钓鱼网站，诈骗，网络漏洞，计算机病毒，网络攻击，网络入侵等安全隐患，更准确地识别违反法律，法规或全屏翻页时钟相关的协议，规则，我们可以使用您的会员信息，并整合设备信息，相关的网站日志和我们的附属机构，合作伙伴共享信息，以确定您的帐户和交易风险，进行身份验证，安全事件的检测和预防，并采取必要的记录，审核，分析和处置措施，依法;

2.3.5。如你允许的其他用途。

三，共享，传输和用户信息的公开披露
3.1。分享

我们不会与其他组织和个人，但下列情况除外您的用户信息：

3.1.1。与明确同意分享：获得您的明确同意后，我们将与他人分享您的用户信息;

3.1.2。根据法定情节分享：我们可以共享用户信息按照法律，法规，诉讼，仲裁，或按照行政和司法当局的要求。

3.1.3。与授权合作伙伴共享：我们可以委托可信赖的合作伙伴提供服务，所以我们可以分享一些与我们的合作伙伴提供更好的客户服务，优化用户体验，您的用户信息。我们只分享您的用户信息，对合法的，正当的，必要的，具体的，特定的目的，只会共享提供服务所必需的用户信息。我们的合作伙伴无权使用共享用户信息用于任何其他目的。
目前，我们的授权合作伙伴包括以下类型：供应商，服务供应商和其他合作伙伴。我们将信息发送到供应商，服务供应商和其他合作伙伴谁支持我们的业务，包括基本技术服务，咨询，分析等专业服务。
我们将签署严格的保密协议和其他公司，机构以及与谁共享用户信息，个人信息保护协议，并要求他们来处理用户按照我们的指示，该隐私政策和其他相关的保密和安全措施。信息。

3.2。传递

我们不会将您的用户信息传递给任何公司，组织或个人除以下情况：

3.2.1。与明确同意转让：获得您的明确同意后，我们将您的用户信息传递给其他方;

3.2.2。在完美的合并，收购或破产清算食谱和其他法律实体，或涉及兼并，收购或破产清算的其他情形的情况下，如果用户信息传递参与，我们会要求您输入您的用户一个新的信息。公司和组织继续受到这一政策的约束，否则我们将要求该公司，组织和个人，以重新提交您的授权。

3.3。公开披露

我们将只公开披露在下列情况下您的用户信息：

3.3.1。我们可以公开与您的明确同意透露您的用户信息或根据您的主动选择;

3.3.2。为了保护全屏翻页时钟平台及其关联公司或侵犯公众的个人财产，我们可能会透露关于根据适用法律或相关协议和全屏翻页时钟平台的规则，你的用户信息。

3.4。例外同意的事先授权共享，传输和公开披露用户信息

在下列情况下，共享，传输和公开披露用户信息并不需要您的事先授权：

3.4.1。有关国家安全和国防安全;

3.4.2。有关公共安全，公共卫生和重大公共利益的;

3.4.3。与刑事调查，起诉，审判和判决的执行;

3.4.4。这是很难得的人的生活和你或其他个人财产的保护的同意;

3.4.5。你透露给你自己的公开个人信息;

3.4.6。收集依法公开披露的信息，如合法的新闻报道，政府信息公开等渠道的个人信息。

四，用户业务数据和公开信息

与您的用户信息，全屏翻页时钟处理如下：用户业务数据和公开信息：

4.1。用户业务数据

4.1.1。您处理数据，存储，上传，下载，分发和以其他方式处理通过完美提供的服务食谱是你的用户业务数据，你有你自己的用户业务数据。作为服务提供商，全屏翻页时钟只能严格地执行你的指示来处理您的业务数据，并且不会将您的业务数据的任何未经授权的使用或披露，除非你同意或执行明确的法律和监管要求。

4.1.2。你是负责将源和用户的业务数据的内容。全屏翻页时钟提示您仔细确定数据来源和内容的合法性。您的结果，并从违反法律，法规，部门规章或用户的业务数据的国家政策所产生的责任是在你自己的风险。

4.1.3。根据与全屏翻页时钟的协议，在你选择的数据中心全屏翻页时钟存储用户的业务数据。全屏翻页时钟致力于其用户的安全，并保护用户存储在全屏翻页时钟数据中心根据适用法律的数据。

4.2。公开信息

4.2.1。公开资料显示意味着你公开分享的任何信息，任何人都可以在使用和不使用的全屏翻页时钟网站服务查看或访问这些信息。

4.2.2。如果您发现您的个人信息已被泄露，尤其是如果您的帐号或密码已被盗用，请与全屏翻页时钟客服立刻让全屏翻页时钟可以采取适当的措施。

五。用户信息管理
5.1。您可以登录到MagicStory网站或客户端“管理控制台”来查询，管理（更改，删除）基本业务信息（基本数据），并与使用全屏翻页时钟服务时提交的信息。

5.2。在下列情况下，你可以要求我们删除用户信息的请求：

5.2.1。如果我们应对违反法律法规的用户信息;

5.2.2。如果我们收集和使用用户信息未经您同意;

5.2.3。如果我们采取行动的个人信息，我们正处于严重违反您的协议。


为了安全起见，您可能需要提供书面请求或以其他方式证明你的身份。我们可能会要求您处理您的请求之前验证您的身份。 


六。 Cookie和类似技术的使用

6.1。为了确保你的网站是启动并运行了一个更简单的体验，我们称之为存储在您的计算机或移动设备上的cookie的小型数据文件。 Cookies通常包含一个标识符，网站名称，以及一些数字和字符。全屏翻页时钟只能读取由完美提供Cookies食谱。

6.2。随着Cookies的帮助下，你可以存储一些个人喜好的数据。下一次你再次访问，我们将显示您所需要的信息;或全屏翻页时钟将使用的cookies文件，以确定您的源网站，这样全屏翻页时钟可以跟踪的全屏翻页时钟的性能。

6.3。您可以根据自己的喜好管理您的Cookies，还可以清除保存在计算机上的所有Cookie。大多数Web浏览器必须阻止cookies的能力。但是，如果你这样做，你将需要在每次访问我们的网站时更改用户设置。有关如何更改浏览器设置的更多信息，请访问您所使用的浏览器的相关设置页面。

6.4。除了Cookies，我们还可以使用其他类似的技术，如网络信标和像素标签上我们的网站。例如，我们向您发送电子邮件可能包含地址链接到我们的网站的内容。如果你点击链接，我们将跟踪点击帮助我们了解你的产品或服务的偏好，使我们可以主动改进客户服务。经验。网络信标通常是嵌入在网站或电子邮件中的透明图像。随着电子邮件中的像素标签，我们可以告诉如果电子邮件是开放的。如果您不希望您的活动进行跟踪这样做，你可以从我们在任何时候邮件列表退订。

七，用户信息的安全性

7.1。全屏翻页时钟把你的信息安全非常重视。我们努力保护有多种合理的物理，电子和管理安全措施的用户信息。防止未经授权的访问，公开披露，使用，修改，损坏或者用户信息丢失。我们使用加密，以提高用户的信息安全;我们使用受信任的保护机制，以保护我们的用户免受恶意攻击;我们部署访问控制机制，以确保只有经过授权的人员才能访问用户信息;我们将主机安全和隐私保护的培训课程，以提高员工的保护用户信息的重要性的认识。

7.2。我们将采取合理和切实可行的步骤，以避免不相关的收集用户信息。我们将只保留的时间达到这个政策所描述的目的，除非法律要求或允许延期所需的时间您的用户信息。超过上述用户信息保留期过后，我们将删除或隐匿您的个人信息。

7.3。请使用复杂的密码，以帮助我们保持您的帐户安全。我们将尽我们所能来保护您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。如果我们的物理，技术或管理防护设施遭到破坏，导致未经授权的访问，公开披露，更改或破坏信息，导致损坏您的合法权益，我们将承担相应的法律责任。

7.4。在不幸的用户信息安全事件（泄漏，丢失等）的情况下，我们会及时通知您在依照法律，法规的要求：基本情况和安全事故可能产生的影响，处置措施，我们采取或将采取，你可以采取预防措施和降低风险的建议，补救你，等我们会尽快通知你的事件通过电子邮件，信函，电话，推送通知等相关情况时，很难通知由一个信息主体之一的用户，我们将在发出合理和有效的方式通知。

7.5。与此同时，我们将按照监管部门的要求上报的用户信息安全事故的处理。

7.6。我们在中国的专卖店的中华人民共和国境内收集的用户信息。如果我们在海外根据适用法律因业务需要传输个人信息，我们会事先征得您的同意，并通知您。用户信息的出口，收件人，安全措施，安全风险等的目的

7.7。在全屏翻页时钟的产品和服务的中止的情况下，我们将采取合理措施保护用户的信息，包括活动，以收集用户信息的及时停止的安全;通知停止操作将被通知给用户一个接一个地输送或公告的形式;并删除或匿名持有的个人信息。

7.8。我们会再次通知您，并使用超出收集用户信息的既定目的或超过直接或协会合理的范围内用户信息之前获得您的明确同意。

八，隐私政策的更新

8.1。我们的隐私政策可能会被修改。

8.2。我们不会限制本隐私政策下的权利没有您的明确同意。我们将发布一个专用页面上我们的隐私政策的任何修订。

8.3。对于重大修改，我们还会提供更为显着的通知（包括某些服务，我们会通知您通过网站解释对隐私政策的具体变化）。

8.4。在这一政策被称为显著的变化包括但不限于：

8.4.1。显著的变化在我们的服务模式发生了。如处理用户信息的目的，用户信息的类型进行处理，其中使用用户信息的方式，等;

8.4.2。我们在控制，组织结构等方面发生了重大变化。如因经营调整，破产兼并等方式在主人的变化;

8.4.3。的用户信息共享，转移或公开披露变化的主要对象;

8.4.4。有您的权利显著的变化参与的用户信息的处理以及如何行使;

8.4.5。当我们是负责处理用户的信息安全部门的变化，联系方式和投诉渠道;

8.4.6。用户信息安全影响评估报告表明，有高风险。

如何联系我们

您对此声明有任何问题或意见和政策的内容，或者您 对本隐私政策的全屏翻页时钟的实践和操作的任何问题或意见。您可以通过电子邮件与我们联系：tenbestcatcher@outlook.com.
